feat: add `stats/strided/ztest2` (#7464)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/strided/ztest2/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

<!-- lint disable max-heading-length -->

# ztest2

> > Compute a two-sample Z-test for a strided array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compute a two-sample Z-test.
```

A two-sample Z-test operates on more on than array. I think it is fine to leave out `for a strided array` in this case here and elsewhere throughout this PR.

<section class="intro">

A Z-test commonly refers to a two-sample location test which compares the means of two independent sets of measurements `X` and `Y` when the population standard deviations are known. A Z-test supports testing three different null hypotheses `H0`:

-   `H0: μX - μY ≥ Δ` versus the alternative hypothesis `H1: μX - μY < Δ`.
-   `H0: μX - μY ≤ Δ` versus the alternative hypothesis `H1: μX - μY > Δ`.
-   `H0: μX - μY = Δ` versus the alternative hypothesis `H1: μX - μY ≠ Δ`.

Here, `μX` and `μY` are the true population means of samples `X` and `Y`, respectively, and `Δ` is the hypothesized difference in means (typically `0` by default).

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var ztest2 = require( '@stdlib/stats/strided/ztest2' );
```

> #### ztest2( NX, NY, alternative, alpha, diff, sigmax, sigmay, x, strideX, y, strideY, out )

Reviewer: @gururaj1512 After reviewing other binary array packages, I think you were right. We should update the signatures such that `sigmay` is near `y`. 

```
ztest2( NX, NY, alternative, alpha, diff, sigmax, x, strideX, sigmay, y, strideY, out )
````

I am working on a PoC for computing the covariance, and, there, I plan on doing

```
covm( N, correction, meanx, x, strideX, meany, y, strideY )
```

In which case, we should be consistent across our APIs. Would you be willing to refactor this package accordingly?

var x1 = new Float64Array( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

var y0 = new Float64Array( [ 0.0, 3.0, 3.0, 5.0, 7.0, 7.0 ] );
var y1 = new Float64Array( y0.buffer, y0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

var results = new Results();
var out = ztest2( 5, 5, 'two-sided', 0.05, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, x1, 1, y1, 1, results );
// returns {...}

var bool = ( out === results );
// returns true
```

#### ztest2.ndarray( NX, NY, alternative, alpha, diff, sigmax, sigmay, x, strideX, offsetX, y, strideY, offsetY, out )

Computes a two-sample Z-test for a strided array using alternative indexing semantics.

```javascript
var Results = require( '@stdlib/stats/base/ztest/two-sample/results/float64' );

var x = [ 4.0, 4.0, 6.0, 6.0, 5.0 ];
var y = [ 3.0, 3.0, 5.0, 7.0, 7.0 ];

var results = new Results();
var out = ztest2.ndarray( x.length, y.length, 'two-sided', 0.05, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, x, 1, 0, y, 1, 0, results );
// returns {...}

var bool = ( out === results );
// returns true
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index for `x`.
-   **offsetY**: starting index for `y`.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to perform a two-sample Z-test over every other element in `x` and `y` starting from the second element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices. For example, to perform a two-sample Z-test over every other element in `x` and `y` starting from the second element
```

```javascript
var Results = require( '@stdlib/stats/base/ztest/two-sample/results/float64' );

var x = [ 0.0, 4.0, 0.0, 4.0, 0.0, 6.0, 0.0, 6.0, 0.0, 5.0 ];
var y = [ 0.0, 3.0, 0.0, 3.0, 0.0, 5.0, 0.0, 7.0, 0.0, 7.0 ];

var results = new Results();
var out = ztest2.ndarray( 5, 5, 'two-sided', 0.05, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, x, 2, 1, y, 2, 1, results );
// returns {...}

var bool = ( out === results );
// returns true
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   As a general rule of thumb, a Z-test is most reliable when `N >= 50`. For smaller sample sizes or when the standard deviation is unknown, prefer a t-test.
-   Both functions support array-like objects having getter and setter accessors for array element access (e.g., [`@stdlib/array/base/accessor`][@stdlib/array/base/accessor]).

> -   Depending on the environment, the typed versions ([`dztest2`][@stdlib/stats/strided/dztest2], [`sztest2`][@stdlib/stats/strided/sztest2], etc.) are likely to be significantly more performant.

Author: Packages not yet added...!
